Smokey Point Behavioral Hospital
June 19, 2018, 2:15 p.m.
DISPATCHER: 911, what is the address of the emergency?
NURSE: Uh, Smokey Point Behavioral Hospital, 1 North.
NURSE: Um, hello?
DISPATCHER: Yes, ma’am?
NURSE: Um, I have to talk with doctor about this,
I don’t have that information.
DISPATCHER: Ok, well, how old is the patient?
NURSE: Um, she is 78 year old.
DISPATCHER: 7-8, 78?
NURSE: 78.
DISPATCHER: Is she conscious?
NURSE: No, actually she is not responding to our questions.
DISPATCHER: Is she awake?
NURSE: Her eyes are closed, but I checked her vitals and checked her eyes like she is ...
DISPATCHER: So she is, she is breathing?
NURSE: She is breathing, yes.
NURSE: But she’s not drinking any water like in
two days and she refused everything.
NURSE: She is so confused and lethargic, looks pale.
The dispatcher types up the information, then asks where to send the medics.
DISPATCHER: And we should come to reception?
NURSE: Yes, and tell them to 1 North.
DISPATCHER: I beg your pardon?
NURSE: Tell them to Rosemary 1 North. 1 North.